doc: Mention restoring wallet via GUI (#26867)
bitcoin/bitcoin: doc/managing-wallets.md

$ bitcoin-cli -rpcwallet="wallet-01" backupwallet /home/node01/Backups/backup-01.dat
```

> In the GUI, the wallet is selected in the `Wallet` drop-down list in the upper right corner. If this list is not present, the wallet can be loaded in `File` ->`Open wallet` if necessary. Then, the backup can be done in `File` -> `Backup Wallet…`.

Reviewer: Considering the commit message, this change looks unrelated. Maybe drop it or move into another commit. If the latter will be chosen

```suggestion
In the GUI, the wallet is selected in the `Wallet` drop-down list in the upper right corner. If this list is not present, the wallet can be loaded in `File` ->`Open Wallet` if necessary. Then, the backup can be done in `File` -> `Backup Wallet…`.
```

### 1.6 Restoring the Wallet From a Backup

To restore a wallet, the `restorewallet` RPC or the `Restore Wallet` GUI menu item must be used.

> In the GUI, a backup can be restored via `File` -> `Restore Wallet...`.

Reviewer 2: Following the format of the "1.4 Backing Up the Wallet" section, I believe this is better to go bellow the RPC command https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/blob/fbe5e1220a35c35a668ec965c66508a7839aa7dd/doc/managing-wallets.md?plain=1#L114

> Alternatively, a backup can be restored using the `restorewallet` RPC.

Reviewer 2: I agree with this. 
I believe that the reason that it is repeated here is because it needs to refer to the RPC before the command in the line below. An alternative could be to follow the same approach as the "1.4 Backing Up the Wallet" section and give a bit more direction/information on the arguments of the RPC commands. But removing it also makes sense, if the above GUI reference is moved.

### 1.6 Restoring the Wallet From a Backup

> To restore a wallet, the `restorewallet` RPC or the `Restore Wallet` GUI menu item (`File` -> `Restore Wallet...`) must be used.

Reviewer: nit: Actually, the symbol is [ellipsis](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ellipsis):
```suggestion
To restore a wallet, the `restorewallet` RPC or the `Restore Wallet` GUI menu item (`File` -> `Restore Wallet…`) must be used.
```

See https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/blob/edc3d1b296e34838d649dc21b8483a52e214932a/src/qt/bitcoingui.cpp#L353

Author: Thanks, @hebasto. I'll change the "`...`" usage to "`…`" at the end of line 91 as well.

https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/blob/118ec94d70b293b95aa9d2713733c8e1d9b63b92/doc/managing-wallets.md?plain=1#L91

unexpectedly or otherwise misses any scripts, please create an issue on GitHub. A backup of the
original wallet can be found in the wallet directory with the name `<name>-<timestamp>.legacy.bak`.

> The backup can be restored using the `restorewallet` command or the `Restore Wallet` GUI menu item as discussed in the
> [Restoring the Wallet From a Backup](#16-restoring-the-wallet-from-a-backup) section.

Reviewer 2: As this is now discussing more than one methods, maybe it can become more future-proof by not specifying the methods here?
```suggestion
The backup can be restored using the methods discussed in the
[Restoring the Wallet From a Backup](#16-restoring-the-wallet-from-a-backup) section.
```
